okay so this is the big hole weather
comes the rails have been living what we
need to do is get some in there and
hopefully I should call them comb this
out well if they're not already out
hunting
come on big fella come enjoy yourself
unbelievable I never even saw him come
on there big fella oh you can see the
attitude it's totally different at
nighttime snapping away actually I wanna
be careful because I don't want to get
actually that complete out completely
different animal at nighttime they're at
their peak most active time they really
all they're thinking about is hunting an
active congas snapping at my bubbles
clearly mistaking them for small fish
and proving their eyesight isn't that
good but surely it couldn't get any
better I could just see this big dog
shape let me in the darkness look at the
size of this it's huge
hey gun
that's just madness any Conger of this
monstrous size must be a female can't
the reals can't get to be a hundred and
fifty kilos this hunk of here would be
that big but pretty much as big as
you'll see a British mortise this is
quite typical of most of their hunting
behaviour they'll stay in a hole like
this waiting for prey to swim close by
and its snatch out of it do you think
that's drunk yours and small but very
sharp teeth they're the classic ambush
predator come on
Wow look at the cyllage mouth this is
absolutely incredible that's actually
created a back here in the back of his
throat
opening the mouth very wide and
contracted towards the throat
they ready off-white quite scary slippy
at the animals Wow
kind of medieval over dinosaur like
well you've got to say that the Carell
is one of the most impressive creatures
improvisations and for that reason come
girls
I'm definitely on the fifty sixty you
magnificent
you